The translated license terms can be viewed here: https://www.ibm.com/support/customer/csol/terms/?id=L-HRZF-DWHH7A&lc=en#detail-document

LICENSE INFORMATION

The Programs listed below are licensed under the following License Information terms and conditions in addition to the Program license terms previously agreed to by Client and IBM. If Client does not have previously agreed to license terms in effect for the Program, the International Program License Agreement (i125-3301-15) applies.

Program Name (Program Number):
IBM Event Automation 1.0.0.0 (5900-AXM)

The following standard terms apply to Licensee's use of the Program.

Non-Production Limitation

If the Program is designated as "Non-Production", Licensee can only use the Program as part of Licensee's internal development and test environment for internal non-production activities.

Components Not Used for Establishing Required Entitlements

Licensee may install and use the following Program components, under the license terms, but these components are not used to determine the number of entitlements required for the Program.
Use of the Program and Components for Development and Functional Test purposes: 
Under Development and Functional Test use, the Program or components can only be deployed as part of Licensee's internal development, unit, and functional testing environments. In functional test environments the developer can integrate their code with that of others on shared use machines, and that code can be tested in a test harness. Functional testing is limited to ensuring that the Program can be used to connect to local or remote endpoints, and that a sample of data sent between those endpoints is processed correctly. Licensee is not authorized to use the Program or components for system test, meaning integrated code is tested as a product, processing production workloads, simulating production workloads or testing the scalability of any code, application or system.

Components Used for Establishing Required Entitlements

Licensee may install and use Program components other than those listed below, under the license terms, but only the listed components are used to determine the number of entitlements required for the Program.
kafka
georep
mirrormaker2
connect
flink-main-container
manager 
egw

Modifiable Third Party Code

To the extent, if any, in the NOTICES file IBM identifies third party code as "Modifiable Third Party Code," IBM authorizes Licensee to 1) modify the Modifiable Third Party Code and 2) reverse engineer the Program modules that directly interface with the Modifiable Third Party Code provided that it is only for the purpose of debugging Licensee's modifications to such third party code. IBM's service and support obligations, if any, apply only to the unmodified Program.

Separately Licensed Code

Each of the components listed in the NON_IBM_LICENSE file is considered "Separately Licensed Code" licensed to Licensee under the terms of the applicable third party license agreement(s) set forth in the NON_IBM_LICENSE file(s) that accompanies the Program, and not this Agreement. Future Program updates or fixes may contain additional Separately Licensed Code. Such additional Separately Licensed Code and related licenses are listed in the applicable NON_IBM_LICENSE file that accompanies the Program update or fix. 

Note: Notwithstanding any of the terms in the third party license agreement, the Agreement, or any other agreement Licensee may have with IBM, with respect to the Separately Licensed Code: 
(a) IBM provides it to Licensee WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND AND DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTY OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR NON-INTERFERENCE, AND THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE;
(b) IBM is not liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages including, but not limited to, lost data, lost savings, and lost profits.

The following units of measure may apply to Licensee's use of the Program.

Virtual Processor Core

Virtual Processor Core is a unit of measure by which the Program can be licensed. A Physical Server is a physical computer that is comprised of processing units, memory, and input/output capabilities and that executes requested procedures, commands, or applications for one or more users or client devices. Where racks, blade enclosures, or other similar equipment is being employed, each separable physical device (for example, a blade or a rack-mounted device) that has the required components is considered itself a separate Physical Server. A Virtual Server is either a virtual computer created by partitioning the resources available to a Physical Server or an unpartitioned Physical Server. A Processor Core is a functional unit within a computing device that interprets and executes instructions. A Processor Core consists of at least one instruction control unit and one or more arithmetic or logic units. A Virtual Processor Core is a Processor Core in an unpartitioned Physical Server, or a virtual core assigned to a Virtual Server. Licensee must obtain entitlements for each Virtual Processor Core made available to the Program.

Licensee can deploy the Program (if supported) using full capacity licensing, sub-capacity licensing (https://www.ibm.com/software/passportadvantage/subcaplicensing.html), or container licensing (https://www.ibm.com/software/passportadvantage/containerlicenses.html). See the linked websites for more information. 


L/N: L-HRZF-DWHH7A
D/N: L-HRZF-DWHH7A
P/N: L-HRZF-DWHH7A

